 Tutorial GIT

1) git init
The .git directory
	On the left you'll notice a .git directory. It's usually hidden but we're showing it to you for convenience.
	If you click it you'll notice it has all sorts of directories and files inside it. You'll rarely ever need to do anything 
	inside here but it's the guts of Git, where all the magic happens.

2) git status
	Os estágios do git:

 2.1) staged:
	Files are ready to be committed.
 2.2)unstaged:
	Files with changes that have not been prepared to be commited.
 2.3)untracked:
	Files aren't tracked by Git yet. This usually indicates a newly created file.
 2.4) deleted:
	File has been deleted and is waiting to be removed from Git.

3) add all:
	You can also type git add . 
	The dot represents the current directory, so everything in it, and everything beneath it gets added.

4) git reset:
	You can use git reset <filename> to remove a file or files from the staging area.

5) Committing
	Notice how Git says changes to be committed? The files listed here are in the Staging Area, and they are not in our repository yet. 
	We could add or remove files from the stage before we store them in the repository.

	To store our staged changes we run the commit command with a message describing what we've changed. Let's do that now by typing, for ex.:
	git commit -m "Add cute octocat story"

       OBS.:
	Staging Area:
		A place where we can group files together before we "commit" them to Git.
	Commit
		A "commit" is a snapshot of our repository. This way if we ever need to look back at the changes we've made (or if someone else does), 
		we will see a nice timeline of all changes.

6) Wildcards:
	We need quotes so that Git will receive the wildcard before our shell can interfere with it. Without quotes our shell will only execute the
	wildcard search within the current directory. Git will receive the list of files the shell found instead of the wildcard and it will not 
	be able to add the files inside of the octofamily directory.

7) More useful logs:
	Use git log --summary to see more information for each commit. 
	You can see where new files were added for the first time or where files were deleted. 
	It's a good overview of what's going on in the project.

8) git remote:
	Git doesn't care what you name your remotes, but it's typical to name your main one origin.
	It's also a good idea for your main repository to be on a remote server like GitHub in case your machine is lost at sea during a transatlantic
	boat cruise or crushed by three monkey statues during an earthquake.

9) Pushing Remotely
	The push command tells Git where to put our commits when we're ready, and boy we're ready. So let's push our local changes to our origin 
	repo (on GitHub).

	The name of our remote is origin and the default local branch name is master. The -u tells Git to remember the parameters, so that next time we
	can simply run git push and Git will know what to do. Go ahead and push it!

	git push -u origin master

10)  Pulling Remotely
	Let's pretend some time has passed. We've invited other people to our github project who have pulled your changes, made their own commits, 
	and pushed them.
	We can check for changes on our GitHub repository and pull down any new changes by running:
	git pull origin master

	git stash: (IMPORTANTE)
	Sometimes when you go to pull you may have changes you don't want to commit just yet. One option you have, other than commiting, 
	is to stash the changes.
	Use the command 'git stash' to stash your changes, and 'git stash apply' to re-apply your changes after your pull.

11) Differences
	Uh oh, looks like there has been some additions and changes to the octocat family. Let's take a look at what is different from our last commit 	
	by using the git diff command.

	In this case we want the diff of our most recent commit, which we can refer to using the HEAD pointer.
	git diff HEAD.

	HEAD
	The HEAD is a pointer that holds your position within all your different commits. By default HEAD points to your most recent commit, 
	so it can be used as a quick way to reference that commit without having to look up the SHA.

12) Staged Differences (cont'd)
	Good, now go ahead and run git diff with the --staged option to see the changes you just staged. You should see that octodog.txt was created.
	git diff --staged

